chore: Update for Ninja Examples (#1118)
dfinity/examples: README.md

## Deploying samples 

### ICP Ninja

> You can try and deploy examples with [ICP Ninja](https://icp.ninja/), a web-based tool that allows you to deploy and manage Internet Computer projects without downloading any tools or setting up a local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open and deploy examples with [ICP Ninja](https://icp.ninja/), a web-based tool that allows you to create and manage Internet Computer projects without downloading any tools or setting up a local environment.
```
